Tell us about a time when you were learning something new and you had to struggle.
Okay, Catherine, if you're going to ask
our students to share their vulnerable stories on the internet,
we have to lead by example.
Okay, fair enough. You go first.
Okay. Well, I've been learning to play the piano for about eight months.
Okay.
And the toughest bits for me have been getting
one hand right and then getting
the right hand right and then putting those two things together,
but when it comes out, it's just so beautiful, it's like, ta-da-da-da.
Wow, that sounds really good.
I've been playing for my friends, it's really fun.
Wait, you haven't played for me.
Oh, we'll see, if we stay friends till the end of this course, I can.
Okay, then.
Your turn.
All right. I've struggled with learning Chinese my whole life.
Wait, you speak Chinese?
Yeah. Ni hao?
Wo jiao Li Xiao Shen.
It's not a big deal.
So, I think the hardest part of learning Chinese has been trying to learn
all the vocab words and trying to put them
together in complete sentences without tripping up.
This story of yours is reminding me that
learning how to make an Android app is like learning a new language.
Okay, I can see that.
So, you're learning a new vocabulary and you're putting those things
together and programming sentences and creating an app.
Okay. Well, those are our stories.
Now, I want our students to share their vulnerable stories.
Tell us about a time when you learned something new and it was a struggle.